Do you want to learn this candidate ladder?
You really don't know
When Arts and Sciences
I understand, ma'am.
That is the next generation of the fighting world in Dragon City.
Something.
My senior sister will not teach it to you.
You will never learn
You need to learn from more and more people
So you can stand out
I would like to learn from you.
But it's not because I want to go beyond scum
It's not because I don't trust teachers
I understand everything
You want to make yourself stronger
Tonight at 8:00
Come here and I'll teach you.
OK
Yang Tou, how is it you?
Lin Wenli is really a narrow enemy
We meet again, Coach Liu Hongtao
What coach Liu Hongtao?
I don't know you
No kung fu gift
We don't matter anymore
What the hell are you doing?
heard
You are now a rising star in the fighting world of Dragon City
Fighting Brave
My two brothers have admired you for a long time
I advise you to leave me quickly
Run into this octagonal dragon
You still want to go out easily